Refactor with Yarn Workspaces (#238)
brightlayer-ui/icons: packages/mui/README.md

To build the icons-mui package (e.g., after new icons are added to Brightlayer UI):

```
git clone hhttps://github.com/brightlayer-ui/icons/tree/master/packages/mui
cd packages/mui
yarn build
```

> This will populate the /icon-font directory with all of the icon components as well as copy over necessary files for publishing (Readme, package.json, etc.).

Author: ```suggestion
This will populate the /dist folder with all of the icon components as well as copy over necessary files for publishing (Readme, package.json, etc.).
```
